SOME SITES:
    Codepen, Codeply

                                                         HOW INTERNET WORKS

1. internet is a wire that connects one device or computer to another.
2. Servers: some computers attached to the internet are online 24 x 7 and ready to serve us the files or information we request.[library]
3. clients: any user that uses internet to access the information.
   
   Our browser> ip(what page are we requesting)> DNS server(looks for the ip address of the requested page in its database, sends)> our browser
   our browser(direct request to the address through ips) via internet backbone
   our browser sends another message through ips via ib to the server at the loc.
   the server then sends us the required data via ib to our browser 


                                                      HOW WEBSITES WORKS


the data reciever from the server is usually in html,css or js.
HTML: responsible for structure of our website like adding image, textbox, button.[builder of the house]
CSS: styling your website like text font,color.[painters and decorators]
JS: responsible for behaviour, or do things.[] 

  **surprise your friends by editing a text in "techcruch.com"



                                      BOOTSTRAP(A Front-End Library)

Front End: The face of your website is determined.
          Languages used: HTML, JS, CSS.
Back End: Resides on the server, database or is the BTS of how your website or app is gonna work(codes and 
          functionality of the app.)
          Languages: .NET, Ruby, PHP, Java, SQL, NodeJS.
Both front-end  and back-end need to communicate to each other, so in the back-end we have listings, queries
and then to deliver it to the front-end.

BOOTSTRAP is on the front-end. It's a bunch of code that was written to be reusable, that we can drop into 
  the site and it makes designing much easier.
  It was developed by Twitter, to gain more consistence over web sites they design.
  It is free and open source, is also the second most starred repo over github.
  It is the most popular front end framework or lib.

WHAT DOES IT ALLOW US TO DO?
It is responsive
  responsive is responding to the viewport, like having an interchangable layout as we switch between desktop,
  mobile or i-pad.This is why the apperance or the design of the same website keeps changing based on where we 
  view it, and BOOTSTRAP makes this easy.

PRE-STYLED ELEMENTS
  In BOOTSTRAP we get access to a bunch of pre-styled elements that we can simply drop into our code.
  
BOOTSTRAP NAVIGATION BAR
  <nav></nav>
  For the particular section of navigation, we have a bootstrap library called navbar(navbar.com).